Installation procedure for ReactiveML:

. Requirement:
  -----------

You'll need Objective Caml >= 3.06 in order to build ReactiveML
from source. You can get it from http://reactiveML.org/ or
http://rml.inria.fr/.

. Quick installation:
  ------------------

The simplest way to install ReactiveML is to type

./configure
make
make install

in the ReactiveML main directory. However, look at the output of
configure to make sure that default installation directories suit your
configuration.

. Customizing the installation:
  ----------------------------

You can pass options to configure in order to customize the
installation, type

./configure --help

to get the full list of options. The most important ones are the
following:

	--prefix <dir>  sets the root directory for the installation
			default is /usr/local

	--libdir <dir>  set the installation directory for ReactiveML
			libraries
			default: $(PREFIX)/lib/


. Other informations:
  ------------------

Other make target which can be usefull:

      - in the root directory:

        make byte  compiles everything to bytecode (default).

	make opt   compiles everything to opt.

	make install.byte  installs the bytecode version.

	make install.opt   installs the opt version.

	make binary-distrib  makes a file rml-VERSION.TARGET.tar.gz
		containing a full ReactiveML binary distribution,
		ready for installation.
		TARGET is either opt or byte. Default is opt, you
		can bet the bytecode version with
		make binary-distrib.byte

	make public-distrib  makes a file rml-VERSION-DATE.tar.gz
		containing a full ReactiveML source distribution.


      - in the compiler/ directory

        make byte  produces a bytecode version of the compiler in
	        rmlc.byte

	make opt   produces an opt version of the compiler in
		rmlc.opt

	make debug  produces a compiler with debugging informations
		(make clean may be required in order to get new
		version of all the files).

	make bprof  produces a compiler with informations for the
		bytecode profiler.

	make oprof  produces a compiler with informations for the opt
		profiler.



. Copyright information:
  ---------------------

License information are given in the file LICENSE.

Some files are based on Caml Light and Objective Caml. The original
files with patches are in the compiler/diff/ directory. The license
of Caml files is also in this directory.

Files in the stdlib/ directory are based on the Objective Caml
standard library.
